In this video you're going to learn how to make custom graphics from Pinterest so that you can get even
more clicks through to your Web site.
Now you can see that I do have a graphic for this in here.
And this was taken directly off my blog post on my web site.
However when I created this blog post I didn't have Pinterest specifically in mind as a marketing channel
and I didn't create this image for Pinterest so I just created for my blog posts and so I think that's
OK.
But actually if we look go into look at the search bar and we look for create a Web site which would
be essentially competitor pins for this article is that Sadak creating a Web site you can see that people
have these really cool visual graphics psychotic create a web site to create your own web site.
Essentially these are like the thumbnails on a YouTube video.
This is what gets that clicks because Pinterest is such a visual platform.
It can be necessary or you can get better results really if you create these custom graphics so you
can see it that is likely to get a lot more pictures than the one that I have put here which doesn't
really kind of give you communicate visually what the post is about.
And he can see it slightly slower as well.
It's not the kind of dimensions that are suited to interests.
So how do you make your own graphics like this for free.
Well you can do it in a tool called convert dot com.
It's absolutely free to sign up for and use.
And the recruiting by Columbine's once you sign up and create an acquaints income to create a design
and then you're going to see this auction for a Pinterest graphic which gives you a template for the
exact dimensions that you can use for Pinterest.
So I get to go in here and design a better image for that post so I can get more traffic to my site.
Schooling is about Kamba that there are all these templates.
Here in the site that are really easy to manipulate and he is.
So here's what I think is pretty cool.
It's got that nice white border around the west side.
And if I want to change the tax I'm going to say the effortless way to set up a Web site in five steps.
Now the cool thing is is well done at the bottom of this image.
I can just put in my web site.
And this is good for two reasons.
One it just communicates to people you know that they should come to my website see all the details
here.
That gets into to click through.
And also no one can reuse this image because it's got my details there as well.
I will want to change the background image because that's not really relevant to what I'm doing.
So I can select that and then click delete.
And what you can do is put your own backgrounds different colors there or I might do is use an image
that I've uploaded that that's really bright background so you can see you know it's really popping
off the page.
Now I do want to communicate a little bit more visually what this post is about.
The cool thing about Canada is they have a lot of icons here which I can use.
Some are paid.
And that's how they make their money.
So all these elements are paid.
But a lot of them you can use for free.
So what I can do is just drag and drop this and make this pretty big so catches people's attention.
You can see that Kamba really helps you center things make it look really good.
And Alex too bad.
And now I'm going to really use this.
Go ahead and see if you can see that.
I think took me less than a minute to do and it looks pretty good.
And actually what I'm actually might do is just decided that I'm actually going to change the text
to black.
So this is the cool thing as well if you want if you want to change your mind about how to use the tax
it's no big deal.
You need multiple versions.
It's not going to cost you anything.
So now I think that it's better all-Black through the park and more page more and you can even move
some of these elements around as well.
And why just so slightly so there you go.
I think that's pretty cool.
So you get a standard
and then we're going to do is apply this to pictures.
So now I have got my design but I want to do is come back to you can just read my profile and what I
can do is create a pin for my device and upload the image.
So I set up a Web site
five steps.
Now I can take that you were else in this pop.
And then select the page that I want to put her back.
And I think that looks a lot better looking at it again.
Maybe I could edit it slightly to make it a little bit better.
But definitely you can see in even the pins that I have them here this pop say I think 10 times more
than the original one here.
So you can really see the value of creating these custom graphics.
They will help you get a lot more attention a lot more breakthroughs a lot more traffic and ultimately
unlock more sales.
And the coolest thing is that you can do absolutely for free on Kamba and use the templates that they
have there.